Dear My Love,
--------------

I didn’t know how to come back. But this is something that’s been on my mind but I knew this needed time so I gave it a try. I’m sorry. For leaving you alone for so many days. This might be my worst decision but only time will tell. Stay, Read, and Continue to end please. This will take time, do it alone, and keep your sound on.

I’m sorry for my unacceptable actions on Tuesday. I understand, and I know what I did was wrong and should not happen again. I really want to take this moment to break everything down one last time.
But to talk about Tuesday, we need to start from what happened on Monday. But I wanna back track from Monday night to before I even got home.

No where…
-----------
At no point in this message am I trying to gaslight, persuade, or manipulate you. My only intention is to express how I feel and ensure there’s no miscommunication. I want to address everything that happened now that we’ve had some time and talk about where we go from here.

On Monday…
-----------
On Monday, you were already mad at me. And this begins from when I’m coming back home from dance. And from what I know there’s 3 things that developed.
Curfew timing of me out vs with you
The text message I sent about the pizza and just said she and didn’t specify, so overall bad message.
Me saying I’ll bring you pizza and then going home.

I feel like…
--------------
I felt on Monday when you sat in my car I said it too like what’s the anger for. Why are you angry at me. If I take a look at the reasons I don’t see something that solidified your anger. I genuinely want to say that I said I’ll bring you pizza and u said ok do it and I was going to, but while we were talking mind muscle like I turned on thorndale and then on to my street, but I didn’t do that on purpose and when I’m telling you that, but you didn’t care. The text message, I understand that was wrong. And finally the curfew we already talked and agreed so I don’t understand why u were mad at me for that. But I was confused and questioning what the frustration from your side really is. and then this carried forward to the night.

IM SORRY THERES A BUG FROM THIS POINT FORWARD IT REPEATS ALL OF THE ABOVE, THIS IS ONLY FOR THE FIRST PAGE.
